Hi everyone.
My name is Kevin Jones.
Welcome to my course,
Understanding the Java Virtual Machine: Class Loading and Reflection.
I'm a developer and owner at Rock Solid Knowledge,
a software development company based in the United Kingdom.
If you want to understand how the JVM works,
you need to understand how the class loader works.
It is at the core of everything you do in Java.
If you've ever hit NoClassDefFoundErrors or wondered how
your favorite web server is able to reload your classes,
then this is the course for you.
Do you want to know what reflection is and how IOC containers work, then we
explain that here and build a lightweight IOC container example to examine
these topics in depth. Some of the major topics that we'll cover include,
understanding class loader delegation, learn how to use the URL ClassLoader
to provide class loading separation in space and time, create your own class
loader to load classes from a database, use reflection to create and
initialize objects, on build a simple IOC container to show the power of
reflection. By the end of this course, you'll understand how powerful class
loading is and how it's used to fill many parts of the Java ecosystem. You'll
also see how reflection is used in the tooling and applications that you use
to build and run your own Java code. Before beginning the course, you should
be familiar with the Java language.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to understanding class loading and
reflection with the Understanding the Java Virtual Machine: Class Loading and Reflection course, at Pluralsight.